[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Now, we get to what
I hope will be one of the fun part
of the day, one of many hopefully,
where we spend a lot of time actually
hacking on this application.
Now, unfortunately you guys have all ready
found a few bugs that I did not intend
to put in the application,
specifically around the read
me in the setup experience.
However, there are actually a lot
of things in this application,
that leave something to be desired.
In fact, you could say,
that I have issues, in fact many of them,
seven at the moment that
I could use your help on.
So, what I would like to do over the next,
we'll see how long it takes,
maybe 20 minutes,
to a half hour, maybe more.
We can kind of play it by ear.
I have a three GitHub issues
here labeled exercise 1.
And those are GitHub,
are those issues are around features or
problems with the application, that I
would like for us to collectively add.
So, what I would like for you to do,
is to pick one of these issues, or
get through all of them if you're if
you're feeling particularly industrious.
And try to add the feature or
correct the problem that is described
in one of these GitHub issues.
So, for example, Issue number seven is for
a feature edition.
So, at Twilio, all of our HTP APIs We will
return a header called X-Shenanigans-None,
because one of our core values
as a company is no shenanigans.
So, we return this header with
every response from the API.
But, sadly, this API for to do's,
does not return the X-Shenanigans header.
So, we should look at expanding
the implementation we have with express
to add that header to every request
that served our to do's API.
So, we could send it
back with every request.
But I've scoped it here to say,
only do this for the to do's route.
See if we can forward those API requests
return back this X-Shenanigans header.
So, that's one of the things
you could tackle.
Another thing you might want
to tackle is this piece,
which is not sending a powered by
express header with every response.
So, if you were to look here at this
application, which is already running.
In the Network tab, in web inspector.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Where's
this gonna be?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Where's my?
Here we go.
I just have to click
on the resource there.
So, if you look at the headers there
are sent back with the response.
There is a X-Power-By: Express header
that gets returned by default in
an Express Application.
And it's innocuous enough, but when
you're taking an Express Application to
production, usually you don't want
to include that extra information,
because it's possible that an evil doer.
Could launch a targeted
attack on your application
with the knowledge of what web
framework you're using on the backend.
So, it's not the hugest deal in the world,
but if it's a good thing not to do
in a production node application.
So, removing or disabling that
header is a good thing to do.
The other piece that you might
take a look at.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Is the logging
middleware for Express.
So, right now, we don't use very
much middleware in the application.
And one of the things that would be nice
to do would be actually to log the HTTP
traffic, that's coming
into the application.
So, there's lots of modules
out there that do this.
I've linked to one called Morgan,
which is very popular to use
with Express applications.
So, adding some HTTP request
logging middleware would be
a nice feature to take on as well.
So, if you would like to take one of these
on, you can just hack on it locally,
and if you are comfortable
with the Git workflow,
you can actually send a pull
request to this repository.
With the implementation of the feature
that you implemented, and if we have you
know if in 20 to 30 minutes time a few
pull requests that show how to do this.
I'll go ahead and merge them in.
Otherwise, I will cheat and
I will show you how it is to
implement each of these bits.
But I would vastly prefer to merge
a poor request from one of you.
So, if you would like to take on one or
three of these issues in
the next 20 to 30 minutes.
We'll say 30 minutes,
cuz there are still a few folks that
are getting their environment set up.
But we'll play it by or no sooner than
30 minutes will we reconvene, and
talk about some of the solutions.